under a banal bus shelter the sky can only
not fall on your head
well if how would you react if
under your eyes
a tentacle monster was coming out of
long sewers or where you were
in the line of fire of an invasion
of amazing aliens and yet
almost true in this trap and realistic
this bus shelter theater of a campaign
advertising for a drink made
sensation in recent days on oxford
street in the heart of london
the system is very efficient the wall in
glass is actually a screen
previously a camera has been installed
she is filming the street live which
accentuates realism an image of tigers
for example is embedded in the middle of
real people the effect is striking
other joking advertising this
once on behalf of a manufacturer of
TVs had the idea of ​​inflicting the
jitters of their lives to users of a
elevator
British advertisers have
understood that at the time of the internet
nobody will share on the networks
social a banal advertising unless
she is fiercely funny and they
generate reactions on the spot
unfortunate victims
with the Americans the English were
precursors of live advertising at
amidst a most famous crowd there are
five years for a brand of telephony
mobile had infiltrated dancers
among a crowd of travelers
transforming under their eyes amazed and
the daily life of liverpool station
street
one of the last living ads that
marked the Londoners and that's
famous English magician for a brand
of drink
hung like levitation a bus to
imperial
in front of thousands of Londoners and
tourists he managed the feat this
day steal the show at the abbey
from westminster and even to big bear and
like all magicians
he never revealed his secret